thus says the Lord God the Gateway of
thus says the Lord God the Gateway of the inner court that faces toward the
the inner court that faces toward the
the inner court that faces toward the east shall be shut the six working days
east shall be shut the six working days
east shall be shut the six working days but on the Sabbath it shall be opened
but on the Sabbath it shall be opened
but on the Sabbath it shall be opened and on the day of the new moon it shall
and on the day of the new moon it shall
and on the day of the new moon it shall be opened the Prince shall enter by way
be opened the Prince shall enter by way
be opened the Prince shall enter by way of the vestibule of the Gateway from the
of the vestibule of the Gateway from the
of the vestibule of the Gateway from the outside and stand by the gatepost
outside and stand by the gatepost
outside and stand by the gatepost the priests shall prepare his burnt
the priests shall prepare his burnt
the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings he
offering and his peace offerings he
offering and his peace offerings he shall worship at the threshold of the
shall worship at the threshold of the
shall worship at the threshold of the gate then he shall go out but the gate
gate then he shall go out but the gate
gate then he shall go out but the gate shall not be shut until evening likewise
shall not be shut until evening likewise
shall not be shut until evening likewise the people of the land shall worship at
the people of the land shall worship at
the people of the land shall worship at the entrance to this gateway before the
the entrance to this gateway before the
the entrance to this gateway before the Lord on the Sabbath's and the new moons
Lord on the Sabbath's and the new moons
Lord on the Sabbath's and the new moons the burnt offering that the prince
the burnt offering that the prince
the burnt offering that the prince offers to the Lord on the Sabbath day
offers to the Lord on the Sabbath day
offers to the Lord on the Sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish and a
shall be six lambs without blemish and a
shall be six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish and the grain
ram without blemish and the grain
ram without blemish and the grain offering shall be one Aoife for a ram
offering shall be one Aoife for a ram
offering shall be one Aoife for a ram and the grain offering for the lambs as
and the grain offering for the lambs as
and the grain offering for the lambs as much as he wants to give as well as a
much as he wants to give as well as a
much as he wants to give as well as a hint of oil with every Eva on the day of
hint of oil with every Eva on the day of
hint of oil with every Eva on the day of the new moon it shall be a young bowl
the new moon it shall be a young bowl
the new moon it shall be a young bowl without blemish six lambs and a ram they
without blemish six lambs and a ram they
without blemish six lambs and a ram they shall be without blemish he shall
shall be without blemish he shall
shall be without blemish he shall prepare a grain offering of an ether for
prepare a grain offering of an ether for
prepare a grain offering of an ether for a bull and Eva for a ram as much as he
a bull and Eva for a ram as much as he
a bull and Eva for a ram as much as he wants to give for the lambs and a hint
wants to give for the lambs and a hint
wants to give for the lambs and a hint of oil with every Eva
of oil with every Eva
of oil with every Eva when the Prince enters he shall go in by
when the Prince enters he shall go in by
when the Prince enters he shall go in by way of the vestibule of the Gateway and
way of the vestibule of the Gateway and
way of the vestibule of the Gateway and go out the same way but when the people
go out the same way but when the people
go out the same way but when the people of the land come before the Lord on the
of the land come before the Lord on the
of the land come before the Lord on the appointed feast days whoever enters by
appointed feast days whoever enters by
appointed feast days whoever enters by way of the north gate to worship shall
way of the north gate to worship shall
way of the north gate to worship shall go out by way of the south gate and
go out by way of the south gate and
go out by way of the south gate and whoever enters by way of the South gate
whoever enters by way of the South gate
whoever enters by way of the South gate shall go out by way of the north gate he
shall go out by way of the north gate he
shall go out by way of the north gate he shall not return by way of the gate
shall not return by way of the gate
shall not return by way of the gate through which he came but shall go out
through which he came but shall go out
through which he came but shall go out for the opposite gate the Prince shall
for the opposite gate the Prince shall
for the opposite gate the Prince shall then be in their midst when they go in
then be in their midst when they go in
then be in their midst when they go in he shall go in and when they go out he
he shall go in and when they go out he
he shall go in and when they go out he shall go out at the festivals and the
shall go out at the festivals and the
shall go out at the festivals and the appointed feast days the grain offerings
appointed feast days the grain offerings
appointed feast days the grain offerings shall be an ephah for a bull an ephah
shall be an ephah for a bull an ephah
shall be an ephah for a bull an ephah for a ram as much as he wants to give
for a ram as much as he wants to give
for a ram as much as he wants to give for the lambs and a hin of oil with
for the lambs and a hin of oil with
for the lambs and a hin of oil with every Eva
every Eva
every Eva now when the Prince makes a voluntary
now when the Prince makes a voluntary
now when the Prince makes a voluntary burnt offering or voluntary peace
burnt offering or voluntary peace
burnt offering or voluntary peace offering to the Lord the gate that faces
offering to the Lord the gate that faces
offering to the Lord the gate that faces toward the east shall then be open for
toward the east shall then be open for
toward the east shall then be open for it and he shall prepare his burnt
it and he shall prepare his burnt
it and he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings as he
offering and his peace offerings as he
offering and his peace offerings as he did on the Sabbath day then he shall go
did on the Sabbath day then he shall go
did on the Sabbath day then he shall go out and after he goes out the gate shall
out and after he goes out the gate shall
out and after he goes out the gate shall be shut you shall daily make a burnt
be shut you shall daily make a burnt
be shut you shall daily make a burnt offering to the Lord of a lamb of the
offering to the Lord of a lamb of the
offering to the Lord of a lamb of the first year without blemish you shall
first year without blemish you shall
first year without blemish you shall prepare it every morning and you shall
prepare it every morning and you shall
prepare it every morning and you shall prepare a grain offering with it every
prepare a grain offering with it every
prepare a grain offering with it every morning a sixth of an ephah and a third
morning a sixth of an ephah and a third
morning a sixth of an ephah and a third of a hint of oil to moisten the fine
of a hint of oil to moisten the fine
of a hint of oil to moisten the fine flour this grain offering is a perpetual
flour this grain offering is a perpetual
flour this grain offering is a perpetual ordinance to be made regularly to the
ordinance to be made regularly to the
ordinance to be made regularly to the Lord thus they shall prepare the lamb
Lord thus they shall prepare the lamb
Lord thus they shall prepare the lamb the grain offering and the oil as a
the grain offering and the oil as a
the grain offering and the oil as a regular burnt offering every morning
regular burnt offering every morning
regular burnt offering every morning thus says the Lord God if the Prince
thus says the Lord God if the Prince
thus says the Lord God if the Prince gives a gift of some of his inheritance
gives a gift of some of his inheritance
gives a gift of some of his inheritance to any of his sons it shall belong to
to any of his sons it shall belong to
to any of his sons it shall belong to his sons it is their possession by
his sons it is their possession by
his sons it is their possession by inheritance but if he gives a gift of
inheritance but if he gives a gift of
inheritance but if he gives a gift of some of his inheritance to one of his
some of his inheritance to one of his
some of his inheritance to one of his servants it shall be his until the year
servants it shall be his until the year
servants it shall be his until the year of liberty after which it shall return
of liberty after which it shall return
of liberty after which it shall return to the prince
to the prince
to the prince but his inheritance shall belong to his
but his inheritance shall belong to his
but his inheritance shall belong to his sons it shall become theirs
sons it shall become theirs
sons it shall become theirs moreover the Prince shall not take any
moreover the Prince shall not take any
moreover the Prince shall not take any of the people's inheritance by evicting
of the people's inheritance by evicting
of the people's inheritance by evicting them from their property
them from their property
them from their property he shall provide an inheritance for his
he shall provide an inheritance for his
he shall provide an inheritance for his sons from his own property so that none
sons from his own property so that none
sons from his own property so that none of my people may be scattered from his
of my people may be scattered from his
of my people may be scattered from his property now he brought me through the
property now he brought me through the
property now he brought me through the entrance which was at the side of the
entrance which was at the side of the
entrance which was at the side of the gate into the holy chambers of the
gate into the holy chambers of the
gate into the holy chambers of the priests which faced for the north and
priests which faced for the north and
priests which faced for the north and there a place was situated at their
there a place was situated at their
there a place was situated at their extreme western end and he said to me
extreme western end and he said to me
extreme western end and he said to me this is the place where the priests
this is the place where the priests
this is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the
shall boil the trespass offering and the
shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering and where they shall bake
sin offering and where they shall bake
sin offering and where they shall bake the grain offering so that they do not
the grain offering so that they do not
the grain offering so that they do not bring them out into the outer court to
bring them out into the outer court to
bring them out into the outer court to sanctify the people then he brought me
sanctify the people then he brought me
sanctify the people then he brought me out into the outer court and caused me
out into the outer court and caused me
out into the outer court and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court
to pass by the four corners of the court
to pass by the four corners of the court and in fact in every corner of the court
and in fact in every corner of the court
and in fact in every corner of the court there was another court in the four
there was another court in the four
there was another court in the four corners of the court were in enclosed
corners of the court were in enclosed
corners of the court were in enclosed courts 40 cubits long and 30 wide all
courts 40 cubits long and 30 wide all
courts 40 cubits long and 30 wide all four corners were the same size there
four corners were the same size there
four corners were the same size there was a row of building stones all around
was a row of building stones all around
was a row of building stones all around in them all around the four of them and
in them all around the four of them and
in them all around the four of them and cooking hearths were made under the rows
cooking hearths were made under the rows
cooking hearths were made under the rows of stones all around and he said to me
of stones all around and he said to me
of stones all around and he said to me these are the kitchens where the
these are the kitchens where the
these are the kitchens where the ministers of the temple shall boil the
ministers of the temple shall boil the
ministers of the temple shall boil the sack
sack
sack vices of the people
vices of the people
vices of the people [Music]